---
id: 90edb0d4-27a8-41e1-a7ae-1f5b85832ac2
blueprint: blog
title: 'Innovation Vouchers for SMEs'
cover_image: cover-image.jpg
alt_seo_noindex: false
alt_seo_nofollow: false
exclude_from_sitemap: false
updated_by: a37fb727-41af-4015-8baf-8a2cba739a58
updated_at: 1732480446
---
**Applicant:** LabSense Limited Liability Company for IT Services, Consulting, and Trade

**Project Title:** Innovation of Analytical Method for BPO Pharmaceutical Products

**Call for Proposals:** Innovation Vouchers for SMEs

**Project Code:** PK.1.1.06.0010
**Approved Grant:** €8,500.00

---

The project, "_Development and Validation of a Method for Determining Benzene in BPO-based Products,_" was conducted with the aim of developing and validating a fast, sensitive, and reliable method for the routine determination of benzene and benzoyl peroxide (BPO) in pharmaceutical and cosmetic products. The developed method will enable manufacturers and quality control laboratories to more efficiently monitor products, thereby enhancing safety and compliance with regulatory requirements.

The project was carried out in collaboration with the Faculty of Chemical Engineering and Technology at the University of Zagreb, which provided the expertise and resources necessary for the method's development. The method was based on gas chromatography (GC), and the thermal decomposition of BPO and the formation of benzene, which is characteristic of conventional procedures, was successfully avoided by using a different approach to benzene extraction with hexane. This innovative approach ensured greater reliability and precision of the results.

The project included two key phases: the development and validation of the method, and the commercialization of the developed analytical method to quality control laboratories. This initiative will significantly contribute to improving the safety and quality of pharmaceutical and cosmetic products on the market.

For more information:

[https://eufondovi.gov.hr/poziv/?id=76f3e722-89ee-4a1c-972b-9a89560858d0](https://eufondovi.gov.hr/poziv/?id=76f3e722-89ee-4a1c-972b-9a89560858d0)

The content of the website is the sole responsibility of LabSense Ltd.
The views and opinions expressed are those of the author alone and do not necessarily reflect the official position of the European Union or the European Commission. Neither the European Union nor the European Commission can be held responsible for them.