---
id: 1f6e76f9-0577-4805-aec9-dd216e212ef5
blueprint: blog
title: 'LabSense Joins Human Technology Austria (HTA) Cluster'
cover_image: 1719230794765-1720177555.jpeg
updated_by: a37fb727-41af-4015-8baf-8a2cba739a58
updated_at: 1730543813
---
We are thrilled to share that LabSense has joined the Human Technology Austria (HTA) cluster, which brings together around 150 Styrian companies dedicated to human health. As part of this dynamic community, we look forward to expanding our network and business regionally.

HTA serves as a hub for contacts, know-how, and information, aiming to create economic value and enhance the region's international visibility. This collaboration will allow us to further develop our strengths and contribute to the community's goals.
As the heart of the vibrant Styrian life science community, HTA unites representatives from politics, administration, education, research, healthcare, digital and analog services, and companies of all sizes. LabSense will offer top-notch laboratory services and join in the tradition of intensive, cross-sector communication and networking.

We are eager to advance our services and contribute to community health. Our mission is to provide high-quality analyses for the pharmaceutical industry, combining comprehensive testing, clinical study support, method development, and expert advice. We are committed to delivering exceptional quality and precision in every service we offer.

Thank you, [Human.technology Styria GmbH](https://www.linkedin.com/company/humantechnologystyria/), for having LabSense as a new member.